TOP CDN

1. Overview of the project
This assignment includes the following components:
1) DNS Resolver
Using the DNS record name for DNS resolve, the server will map the request of current url, extract domains, and return
IP address to the target.
2) HTTP server
Use as the caching server to reply the request of the client. The DNS resolver will map the client to the nearby server
and then the server will handle the request from the client.
3) Run/Stop/Deploy scripts
The deploy script will automatically download the resource and upload the required script file into the destination
server. It prepares for the environment for the run scripts.
The run script will handle each run of the server. It will firstly start will replica http server and then start the
dns resolver.
The stop script will kill all services in current deployed machine.

2. High-Level Approach
1) DNS Server
1. provide the best server ip that has the shortest response time：
   use http.client.Httpconnection and request() to connect with replica server
   calculate time between sending and receiving connection, comparing each time when connecting every replica.
   then find the minimum of all response time, acquiring its ip address.
2. parse A queries and response it:
   use struct.unpack() to get transaction id, flag, question number, authority number, additional number.
   use struct.pack() to assemble response message with id, flags, questions, answer rrs, authority rrs and addtional rrs.
3. use sendto() to send response message to client
4. handle the exception when some nodes down to avoid whole server breaks down
   determine whether the best ip has exited to avoid null point exception
2) HTTP Server
The http server handle the requests from the client and reply with the caching contents. The caching is separated into
two parts, the first one is the in-disk caches. That is based on the frequency of the service. The second part is
in-memory caching, which uses LRU for replacement of the least used data.
The in-disk data will not be replaced due to the request is based on the popularity. The in-memory cache storage will be
replaced once the threshold is reached.
In order to allow the dns server to probe the best performance replica, the HTTP server provides a probing method based
on scamper. It will test the round trip time from current server to the http client, and the dns resolver will use the
time to map the best server to the client.
The server will listen to client socket's connection on serving the content. Once a connection is built, the http server
will return the content the client request by looking at the caching and fetch the missing page.
3) Deploy/Run/Stop scripts
The deploy script will first remove all content of the current user and then upload the execution script to the server.
After upload the script and the pagereview file, the server will fetch the most popular content to the http server and
the server will be able to get the compressed data file from the preload cache.

3. Challenges
1) Assembling response message
To test the assembled message is the most difficult part in this project. It is hard to find out the actual cause of
bugs as the message is not human readable. We use wireshark for decoding the dns look up and find out the incorrect
packet we send.
2) Test receiving and sending message
As this assignment requires deployment inside a distributed system, the dns resolver rely on actual probing from the
http client. In the distributed system level, the debugging process is more tougher than in single machine. Deployment
scripts helps us in handling the complexity. However, once the server quit, it is hard to detect the actual reason.
We deploy the service manually in debugging and use print and log to detect the problem.
3) http cache replacement
The most challenging part in the http server implementation is on the http cache replacement. The caching content should
be replaced at certain amount of time, and the request is requested with popularity count. Also, considering the content
is not fully listed inside the pageviews, we still need to prepare for request other than the content. So in the cache
replacement, we choose to download most visited pages at the time the server starts, and then use the LRU cache
replacement algorithm to replace the least frequent data. In this way, although the deployment will consume more time,
the content serving will be able to quicker with preloading content.
